Extensibility section updated (#121)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

## Extensibility {#sec-extensibility}

> CoRIM is described using CDDL {{-cddl}} which includes extensibility support for "sockets" (a.k.a., map structures)

Reviewer: aka "extension points" for type-choices or group-choices

> CoRIM is described using CDDL {{-cddl}} which includes extensibility support for "sockets" (a.k.a., map structures)

Author: ```suggestion
CoRIM is described using CDDL {{-cddl}} which includes extensibility support for "extension points" (a.k.a., map structures)
```

> and data types. CDDL socket extensions have the form `($$NAME-extension)` where "NAME" is the name of the map.

Reviewer: $$foo is a an extension point for a group-choice
$bar is an extension point for a type choice

Not sure if that level of detail is relevant here, but that is less ambiguous to me.

Reviewer 2: @henkbirkholz to work on this PR

> and data types. CDDL socket extensions have the form `($$NAME-extension)` where "NAME" is the name of the map.

Author: ```suggestion
and data types. CDDL map extension points have the form `($$NAME-extension)` where "NAME" is the name of the map and '$$' signifies map extensibility.
```

> CDDL socket extensibility enables a CoRIM profile to extend the standard definition.

Author: ```suggestion
CDDL map extensibility enables a CoRIM profile to extend the base CoRIM definition.
```

> Typically, map extension requires a convention for code point naming that avoids code-point resue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, map extension requires a convention for code point naming that avoids code-point reuse.
```

Well-known code points may be in a registry, such as CoSWID {{-coswid-reg}}.
Additionally, a range of code points may be reserved for vendor-specific use such as negative integers.

> Data type extensibility has the form `($NAME-type-choice)` where "NAME" is the type name and '$' signifies type extensibility.

Reviewer: Ah. Here we go. I'd move the referrals and definitions to type- and group-choice to the top. And come back to it here.

> Socket and type extensions are permitted by the CoRIM schema where the above CDDL extensibility points are defined.

Author: ```suggestion
Map and type extensions are permitted by the CoRIM schema where the above CDDL extensibility points are defined.
```

## Extensibility {#sec-extensibility}

> CoRIM is described using CDDL {{-cddl}} which includes extensibility support for "extension points" (a.k.a., map structures)

Reviewer 2: The whole structure of the section needs reorganising. I will suggest a better rewrite as an edit to this section!

> CoRIM is described using CDDL {{-cddl}} which includes extensibility support for "extension points" (a.k.a., map structures)
> and data types. CDDL map extension points have the form `($$NAME-extension)` where "NAME" is the name of the map and '$$' signifies map extensibility.
> CDDL map extensibility enables a CoRIM profile to extend the base CoRIM definition.
> Typically, map extension requires a convention for code point naming that avoids code-point reuse.
> Well-known code points may be in a registry, such as CoSWID {{-coswid-reg}}.
> Additionally, a range of code points may be reserved for vendor-specific use such as negative integers.
> 
> Data type extensibility has the form `($NAME-type-choice)` where "NAME" is the type name and '$' signifies type extensibility.
> 
> Map and type extensions are permitted by the CoRIM schema where the above CDDL extensibility points are defined.
> Schema extensions should be documented to facilitate interoperability. CoRIM profiles are best used to documennt
> vendor or industry defined extensions.
> 
> This specification uses CDDL type extension. Type extensions contained in this specification are considered
> as "standard CoRIM types". Standard CoRIM types, along with the other CDDL expressions in this specification,
> set the baseline for CoRIM interoperability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The base CORIM schema is described using CDDL {{-cddl}} that can be extended 
only at specific allowed points known as "extension points"

The following types of extensions are supported in CoRIM

## Map Extensions
Map Extensions provides extensibility support to CoRIM Map structures.
CDDL map extensibility enables a CoRIM profile to extend the base CoRIM definition.
CDDL map extension points have the form `($$NAME-extension)` where "NAME" is the name of the map
and '$$' signifies map extensibility. Typically, map extension requires a convention 
for code point naming that avoids code-point reuse.
Well-known code points may be in a registry, such as CoSWID {{-coswid-reg}}.
Additionally, a range of code points may be reserved for vendor-specific use such as negative integers.

## Data Type Extensions

Data type extensibility has the form `($NAME-type-choice)` where "NAME" is the type name 
and '$' signifies type extensibility.

Schema extensions (Map or Data Type) should be documented to facilitate interoperability. CoRIM profiles are best used to documennt
vendor or industry defined extensions.
```
